Update Note Command DG for multiple notes (#170)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-W17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

#### Implementation

To add or delete a `Note`, the `NoteCommand` must be executed.

> It is worth to note that the NoteCommand is implemented differently from the other Commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth noting that the NoteCommand is implemented differently from the other Commands.
```

Perhaps this is a better way to phrase it?
